docs(tutorials): review MTA-1685b (#415)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/ansible-galaxy/index.mdx

Ansible roles consist of playbooks that group multiple tasks into one container. They allow the performance of automation tasks with clean directory structures.

<Message type="requirement">

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- You have a [Scaleway Instance](/compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/) running Ubuntu Xenial
- You are familiar with [Ansible](/tutorials/ansible-bionic-beaver/) and [Ansible-Apache](/tutorials/install-apache-ansible/)
- You have [Ansible-Apache](/tutorials/install-apache-ansible/) installed on your local computer. 

</Message>

## Creating a LAMP server with Ansible roles

To use roles in Ansible playbooks, you must first download them.

1. Install Apache, MySQL and PHP. 

  ```
  ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.apache geerlingguy.mysql geerlingguy.php
  ```

  <Message type="note">

>     In this example we use `geerlinguy`'s (a software developer involved in many open source development communities) role. If no version is specified the latest version will be dowloaded. To specify a version, add the version after the role name. Example: `geerlingguy.apache,1.0.0` or `geerlingguy.mysql,1.0.0`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this example we use `geerlinguy`'s role, which is a software developer involved in many open source development communities. The latest version will be dowloaded if you do not specify which one you want to download. Add the version after the role name to specify a version. Example: `geerlingguy.apache,1.0.0` or `geerlingguy.mysql,1.0.0`. 
```

>     If you want to use other roles, you check out [geerlinguy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/geerlingguy)'s Ansible profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you want to use other roles, check out [geerlinguy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/geerlingguy)'s Ansible profile.
```

  ansible-playbook solr.yml
  ```

The Solr server is now created. 

## Helpful Galaxy commands

Some other helpful `ansible-galaxy` commands are:

  - `ansible-galaxy list` displays a list of installed roles, with version numbers
  - `ansible-galaxy remove [role]` removes an installed role
  - `ansible-galaxy init` can be used to create a role template suitable for submission to Ansible Galaxy

> Additionally, you can configure the default path where Ansible roles are downloaded by editing your `ansible.cfg` configuration file (normally located in `/etc/ansible/ansible.cfg` and setting a roles_path in the [defaults] section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can configure the default path where Ansible roles are downloaded by editing your `ansible.cfg` configuration file (normally located in `/etc/ansible/ansible.cfg`) and setting a roles_path in the [defaults] section.
```
